SRVCOM-483: Monitoring docs for Serverless inc. example for autoscaler pods (#16154)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/verify-knative-serving-monitoring.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/monitoring-serverless.adoc

[id="configuring-knative-services-domains_{context}"]
= Verifying an {product-title} monitoring installation for use with Knative Serving

Manual configuration for monitoring by an administrator is not required, but you can carry out these steps to verify that monitoring is installed correctly.

.Procedure

. Verify that the ServiceMonitor objects are deployed.
+
----
$ oc get servicemonitor -n knative-serving
NAME         AGE
activator    11m
autoscaler   11m
controller   11m
----

> +

Reviewer: One note here - this `+` is not necessary, because we're proceeding to the next element in the ordered list. Right now it's not causing an issue, as these instructions render correctly. Just giving you a heads up for future procedures. :)

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * serverless/monitoring-serverless.adoc

[id="configuring-knative-services-domains_{context}"]
= Verifying an {product-title} monitoring installation for use with Knative Serving

> The OpenShift Serverless operator deploys ServiceMonitor objects during the installation automatically.

Reviewer 2: This seems to be mentioned in the doc right above this already.

Author: Removed :)

> Manual configurations by an administrator are not required, but you can carry out steps to verify that monitoring is installed correctly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manual configuration by an administrator is not required, but you can carry out these steps to verify that monitoring is installed correctly.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Since the "Verifying an OpenShift Container Platform monitoring installation for use with Knative Serving" subsection is the first in the document, it would make sense to include the Prerequisites also in this subsection, WDYT?

Author: Great catch, @mvinkler :star: I've changed the order so this will make more sense.
